Tell me guys, what's up, Kubrick?
you two another video this time that was a
video here for you I just
I want to let you know that your husband is having
a lack of frequent videos of this
This last week was a day
Not day and video had two days without in
last week also had some
days without just to say that it was
tight this weekend I went out
this Saturday in the other also leave this
Saturday
then it was too tight for me I
to record the days I have to record
during the week, I have English of course
Tuesday and Thursday is difficult to record
I had a fourth and sixth private class.
because now you will have the evidence then
was too tight to record even the
time was free and I ended up not recording
because I wanted to like to record everything
direct knows several videos in a row
I ended up recording and it's good and then I have
Monday and Tuesday to record several
videos because wednesday day 3 i go
travel and return on Sunday 7
so on either the Monday or Tuesday
video for wednesday thursday friday saturday and
Sunday sound five videos because I go
be traveling only we have a problem
Because second intense, I'm going to have to
study because I have proof on Tuesday
in the fourth only possible as a thing
Wonderful, then super tight I
I'm going to have to organize this time well .
study time of English and the time of
videos you shoot five videos
so if this holiday week has
small children please do not
stress in the comments for damn
But I'm going to give preference to
record this week will come out my top
box and the last episode scale is still
what I want to focus okay then
I intend to record these two tomorrow and
there were some other neighbors just not to
have to be left with nothing ok then this
Wanna talk to you, sorry, but there?
it was tight even liked it is not the
even and that's it, he said.